androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/getkeepsafe/relinker/R.java
 com.getkeepsafe.relinker.R
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$styleable
org/pgsqlite/R.java
 org.pgsqlite.R
 org.pgsqlite.R$anim
 org.pgsqlite.R$attr
 org.pgsqlite.R$bool
 org.pgsqlite.R$color
 org.pgsqlite.R$dimen
 org.pgsqlite.R$drawable
 org.pgsqlite.R$id
 org.pgsqlite.R$integer
 org.pgsqlite.R$layout
 org.pgsqlite.R$string
 org.pgsqlite.R$style
 org.pgsqlite.R$styleable
 org.pgsqlite.R$xml
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
org/wonday/pdf/R.java
 org.wonday.pdf.R
 org.wonday.pdf.R$anim
 org.wonday.pdf.R$attr
 org.wonday.pdf.R$bool
 org.wonday.pdf.R$color
 org.wonday.pdf.R$dimen
 org.wonday.pdf.R$drawable
 org.wonday.pdf.R$id
 org.wonday.pdf.R$integer
 org.wonday.pdf.R$layout
 org.wonday.pdf.R$string
 org.wonday.pdf.R$style
 org.wonday.pdf.R$styleable
 org.wonday.pdf.R$xml
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/facebook/fresco/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.soloader.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/fresco/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/github/barteksc/pdfviewer/R.java
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$attr
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$color
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$dimen
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$drawable
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$id
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$integer
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$layout
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$string
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$style
 com.github.barteksc.pdfviewer.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/horcrux/svg/R.java
 com.horcrux.svg.R
 com.horcrux.svg.R$anim
 com.horcrux.svg.R$attr
 com.horcrux.svg.R$bool
 com.horcrux.svg.R$color
 com.horcrux.svg.R$dimen
 com.horcrux.svg.R$drawable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$id
 com.horcrux.svg.R$integer
 com.horcrux.svg.R$layout
 com.horcrux.svg.R$string
 com.horcrux.svg.R$style
 com.horcrux.svg.R$styleable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$xml
com/skyward/ReactNativeFlipper.java
 com.skyward.ReactNativeFlipper
 com.skyward.ReactNativeFlipper$1
 com.skyward.ReactNativeFlipper$2
 com.skyward.ReactNativeFlipper$2$1
com/agontuk/RNFusedLocation/R.java
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$anim
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$attr
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$bool
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$color
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$dimen
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$drawable
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$id
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$integer
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$layout
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$string
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$style
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$styleable
 com.agontuk.RNFusedLocation.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
cl/json/R.java
 cl.json.R
 cl.json.R$anim
 cl.json.R$attr
 cl.json.R$bool
 cl.json.R$color
 cl.json.R$dimen
 cl.json.R$drawable
 cl.json.R$id
 cl.json.R$integer
 cl.json.R$layout
 cl.json.R$string
 cl.json.R$style
 cl.json.R$styleable
 cl.json.R$xml
skyward/crm/new_skyward_crm/R.java
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$anim
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$animator
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$attr
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$bool
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$color
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$dimen
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$drawable
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$id
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$integer
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$interpolator
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$layout
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$mipmap
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$plurals
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$string
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$style
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$styleable
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.R$xml
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
com/reactnativecommunity/androidprogressbar/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.androidprogressbar.R$xml
io/invertase/firebase/messaging/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.messaging.R$xml
skyward/crm/new_skyward_crm/MainApplication.java
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.MainApplication
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.MainApplication$1
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/nativememory/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$styleable
com/reactnativecommunity/toolbarandroid/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.toolbarandroid.R$xml
skyward/crm/new_skyward_crm/MainActivity.java
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.MainActivity
com/imagepicker/R.java
 com.imagepicker.R
 com.imagepicker.R$anim
 com.imagepicker.R$attr
 com.imagepicker.R$bool
 com.imagepicker.R$color
 com.imagepicker.R$dimen
 com.imagepicker.R$drawable
 com.imagepicker.R$id
 com.imagepicker.R$integer
 com.imagepicker.R$layout
 com.imagepicker.R$string
 com.imagepicker.R$style
 com.imagepicker.R$styleable
 com.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
com/reactnativecommunity/netinfo/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$xml
com/shockwave/pdfium/R.java
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$attr
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$color
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$dimen
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$drawable
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$id
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$integer
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$layout
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$string
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$style
 com.shockwave.pdfium.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.R
 com.facebook.flipper.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/cloudmessaging/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.R
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/network/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/facebook/fresco/ui/common/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.ui.common.R
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
com/rnfs/R.java
 com.rnfs.R
 com.rnfs.R$anim
 com.rnfs.R$attr
 com.rnfs.R$bool
 com.rnfs.R$color
 com.rnfs.R$dimen
 com.rnfs.R$drawable
 com.rnfs.R$id
 com.rnfs.R$integer
 com.rnfs.R$layout
 com.rnfs.R$string
 com.rnfs.R$style
 com.rnfs.R$styleable
 com.rnfs.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/zmxv/RNSound/R.java
 com.zmxv.RNSound.R
com/reactcommunity/rndatetimepicker/R.java
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$anim
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$attr
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$bool
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$color
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$dimen
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$drawable
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$id
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$integer
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$layout
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$string
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$style
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$styleable
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$xml
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
com/github/kevinejohn/keyevent/R.java
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$anim
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$attr
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$bool
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$color
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$dimen
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$drawable
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$id
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$integer
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$layout
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$string
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$style
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$styleable
 com.github.kevinejohn.keyevent.R$xml
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
me/leolin/shortcutbadger/R.java
 me.leolin.shortcutbadger.R
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/ashmem/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$styleable
com/learnium/RNDeviceInfo/R.java
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$anim
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$attr
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$bool
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$color
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$dimen
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$drawable
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$id
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$integer
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$layout
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$string
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$style
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$styleable
 com.learnium.RNDeviceInfo.R$xml
io/invertase/firebase/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.R
 io.invertase.firebase.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/facebook/fresco/stetho/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$styleable
com/th3rdwave/safeareacontext/R.java
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$anim
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$attr
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$bool
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$color
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$dimen
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$drawable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$id
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$integer
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$layout
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$string
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$style
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$styleable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$color
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$id
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$string
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$style
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$styleable
org/reactnative/maskedview/R.java
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$anim
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$attr
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$bool
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$color
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$id
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$integer
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$layout
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$string
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$style
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/iid/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.iid.R
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/oblador/vectoricons/R.java
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$anim
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$attr
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$bool
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$color
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$dimen
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$drawable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$id
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$integer
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$layout
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$string
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$style
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$styleable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$xml
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/simple/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/android/installreferrer/R.java
 com.android.installreferrer.R
com/rssignaturecapture/R.java
 com.rssignaturecapture.R
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$anim
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$attr
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$bool
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$color
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$dimen
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$drawable
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$id
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$integer
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$layout
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$mipmap
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$string
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$style
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$styleable
 com.rssignaturecapture.R$xml
com/reactnativecommunity/progressview/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.progressview.R$xml
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/RNFetchBlob/R.java
 com.RNFetchBlob.R
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$anim
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$attr
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$bool
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$color
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$dimen
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$drawable
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$id
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$integer
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$layout
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$string
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$style
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$styleable
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$xml
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/reactnativecommunity/asyncstorage/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$xml
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$anim
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$style
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
com/rt2zz/reactnativecontacts/R.java
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$anim
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$attr
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$bool
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$color
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$dimen
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$drawable
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$id
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$integer
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$layout
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$string
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$style
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$styleable
 com.rt2zz.reactnativecontacts.R$xml
com/swmansion/reanimated/R.java
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$anim
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$attr
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$bool
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$color
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$id
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$integer
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$layout
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$string
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$style
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$xml
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
org/devio/rn/splashscreen/R.java
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$anim
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$attr
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$bool
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$color
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$dimen
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$drawable
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$id
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$integer
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$layout
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$string
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$style
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$styleable
 org.devio.rn.splashscreen.R$xml
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/babisoft/ReactNativeLocalization/R.java
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$anim
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$attr
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$bool
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$color
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$dimen
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$drawable
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$id
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$integer
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$layout
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$string
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$style
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$styleable
 com.babisoft.ReactNativeLocalization.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
pl/droidsonroids/gif/R.java
 pl.droidsonroids.gif.R
 pl.droidsonroids.gif.R$attr
 pl.droidsonroids.gif.R$styleable
com/BV/LinearGradient/R.java
 com.BV.LinearGradient.R
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
com/dieam/reactnativepushnotification/R.java
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$anim
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$attr
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$bool
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$color
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$dimen
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$drawable
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$id
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$integer
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$layout
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$string
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$style
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$styleable
 com.dieam.reactnativepushnotification.R$xml
com/google/firebase/encoders/json/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.json.R
skyward/crm/new_skyward_crm/BuildConfig.java
 skyward.crm.new_skyward_crm.BuildConfig
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$color
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$id
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$string
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$style
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$styleable
com/reactnativecommunity/webview/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$xml
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
com/reactnativecommunity/viewpager/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$color
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$id
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$string
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$style
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
